1. Checking the installation
1a. Be sure JUnit is installed.
1b. Find, in the tests folder, the com.domainlanguage.tests.AllTests class.
1c. Run it as a JUnit test.

2. Sampling the library
2a. Locate, in the test/src folder, the example.* packages
2b. Read the tests to see simple usage examples.
2c. Browse the library. Each class represents a concept, and you
    can take an inventory of the concepts provided.
    Focus on the public methods. None of the other attributes
    or methods are meant to be used by client code.
2d. Use the library. It should be useful where problems in 
    your own application can be expressed in the concepts of 
    the library. Using the code is the best way to learn it.
2e. Have some fun. 
    
3. Helping the project
3a. Please give feedback based on your experience using the library.
    If you were unable to use it, please tell us why. If there are
    changes that would help, please let us know. If something was
    particularly useful to you, let us know that too. (Otherwise
    we might change it!)
3b. Send us use cases. These don't have to be formal. Just a clear
	description of what your application has to do that is related
	to the scope of the library. These scenarios are very valuable
	to the continuing evolution of this library. (And it is likely
	to guide the project in a direction more useful to you in particular, 
	if you provide your use cases.)
3c. Submit bug-reports. Please use the sourceforge bug tracking tool
	for this. (Go to http://sourceforge.net/projects/timeandmoney/
	and click on Bugs.)
3d. Submit tests that illustrate the bug. For now, you can email these
	to eric@domainlanguage.com. The pin-point failing test is the absolute
	best way to report a bug, and is actually even more useful than a
	bug fix.
	But those are useful too of course...
3e. Submit code that fixes a bug and makes your new test pass.
3f. Submit new functionality. Finally, if you have some code that fits
	into the scope of the library, and *if you have clear ownership of
	that code*, it can be helpful. (To keep this library viable as
	free, open software, we must make sure that no works for hire or
	other proprietary software is contributed.) 
	If you do submit something that fits into the scope of the library,
	it is likely to be changed a lot over time, but that doesn't make
	it less valuable to have that working starting point. Many important
	elements of the current library were contributed and have subsequently
	been heavily modified.
	over time